>> Mike North: I'd like us to try to
do something a little bit quick and
dirty with IndexedDb.
Now, we've got some extra ground to cover,
and
I don't wanna teach you out of some
of the later exercises we have today.
So I would encourage you to just, to
at least do the first half of this and
maybe not worry about the second half.
I will certainly do it in the solution,
but there are two steps here.
>> Mike North: So,
>> Mike North: Here's step one.
In the activate handler,
actually I should correct this,
the install handler would be a more
appropriate place to put this.
I want you to populate an IndexDb object
store with all of the grocery items.
So there are actually
way more grocery items
available from this API than
you're seeing on the screen.
And there's a way you can,
you can just add this query param to
this particular API end point,
and you will get lots of them.
You will get, currently, I think
you're only seeing ten per category.
This will show you a lot more,
and the idea here is that,
as part of the installation process,
we want to kinda populate IndexedDB
with all of those records.
And also keep in mind that when you're,
oftentimes when you say,
I'm just going to go one step back,
when we say create object store here,
that is how you would typically
use this on upgrade needed handler
here to ensure that stores exist
even if they're not found.
So this would be a great
example to start from,
along with the IDB
documentation on GitHub.
So that's phase one, just to get
that IndexedDB populated with stuff.
Phase two is gonna sort of unleash
the power of having that data there.
So there are many, many grocery items
available from this API, and currently,
we have this fallback image we use
in the event that we hit a 404.
Because IndexedDb is available inside
our service worker, we can actually,
in the event we find we
need a fallback image,
we can use that URL to figure out which
item ID that image corresponds to.
And we can look to IndexedDb to figure out
that, that is of the fruit category or
of the vegetable category.
That is why we have all of those
other fallback images there.
So when I go through the solution, I wanna
actually not just populate the database,
but I will use that information so that we
have category specific fallback images.
This is something that you
could never do with Ab Cache.
Right, this service worker is the first
thing available in the web technology
world that would let you make that
kind of dynamic decision involving
basically a proxy and a database in order
to like customize the way those
kind of requests are handled.
One last thing I wanna show you,
and sorry,
I just realize I forgot it from the slide,
but I don't want you to attempt to
power through it without knowing
all that you need to know.
You do when you create
these object stores-
>> Speaker 2: You're not sharing.
>> Mike North: Thank you.
When you create these object stores,
you need to make sure that you define what
the ID, where the ID can be found on
these different types of objects.
Let me find the example real quick.
There we go.
So this would be in
your upgrade hook here.
You'll notice that we have key path of id.
So that basically says,
I wanna put objects into the store.
And you can expect to
find the primary key for
these documents under
the property name id.
So make sure you add that as an option
when you're creating your object store.
This is a great read me by the way.
I don't wanna attempt to copy and
paste it into slides because it has
tons of examples for a key value store.
This is almost like a little store
object that's wrapped around IndexedDB.
So definitely take a look at this,
jakearchibald idb on GitHub.
All of your answers are there.
So let's take 20 minutes for this.
I will go through the solution, and
then the next topic we'll
be tackling is web push.
We'll be sending, instead of pulling
stuff from a server onto the client,
we'll push from the server so
that we can tell clients to do things
even if your browser tabs are closed.
>> Speaker 2: How do I
import idb into the-
>> Mike North: Gonna port idb from idb.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Mike North: Yeah, so the question was,
how do we start using idb?
Just like this.
>> Mike North: There you go.
And you can see we're
already starting to see,
if you're using VSCode, you can
already see a type completion here.
So you can explore the API.